docs(proxy-external): add description of decoded JWT claims (#1742)
commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit: website/src/content/main-concepts/proxy-to-external-api.mdx

</Warning>

### Decoding the token

You can decode the JWT token with [JWT.io](https://jwt.io/). In the decoded version, you will see the following fields.

```json
{
  "exp": 1600092401,
  "sub": "<subject>",
  "iss": "<hostname>",
  "aud": "<audience-url>",
  "type": "exchange",
  "<hostname>/claims/project_key": "<project-key>",
  "iat": 1600092341
}
```

These decoded JWT token consist of **Register Claim Names** and **Private claims** and have the following fields:

> - `exp`: This claim identifies the **expiration time**. The value of this claim requires to be the time before the current time to be valid and accepted.
> - `sub`: This claim identifies the **subject**. The value of `sub` issued by the Merchant Center API Gateway for Custom Applications is the user-ID for Merchant Center.
> - `iss`: This claim identifies the **issuer**. The value of `iss` is either a cloud identifier or a valid URL to the Merchant Center API Gateway. The value differs depending on the region as outlined above.
> - `aud`: This claim identifies the **audience**. The value of **audience** is the exact URL to the External API.
> - `type`: This is public claim identified by the Merchant Center API Gateway. The decoded JWT in the example above is a result of authorization exchange between Merchant Center API Gateway and the External API, hence the name.
> - `<hostname>/claims/project_key`: This is a claim identified by the Merchant Center API Gateway. This identifies the project key that the JWT was issued for.
> - `iat`: This claim identifies **issued at**. The value of **issued at** is the time that JWT was issued.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `exp`: The **expiration time** on or after which the exchange token must not be accepted for processing.
- `sub`: The **subject identifier** is the unique user identifier of a Merchant Center account, specifically the ID of the logged in user.
- `iss`: The **issuer identifier** is the URL identifier of the server that issued the JWT. In this particular case is the URL of the [Merchant Center API Gateway](/main-concepts/api-gateway).
- `aud`: The **audience** is the value that the exchange token is intended for. In this particular case is the exact URL passed to the `X-Forward-To` HTTP header.
- `iat`: This value represents the time at which the JWT was issued.
- `type`: This value is a **private claim** and is always set to `exchange`.
- `<iss>/claims/project_key`: This value represents the project key that the request is associated to. The claim is a **public claim** prefixed by a collision-resistant namespace, as per the JWT specification.
```

};
```

> ### Decoding the token

Reviewer: I think we should move this into the `Authenticating requests from the external API` section.
For example: https://auth0.com/docs/tokens/id-tokens/id-token-structure

You can decode the JWT token with [JWT.io](https://jwt.io/). In the decoded version, you will see the following fields.

```json
{
  "exp": 1600092401,
  "sub": "<subject>",
  "iss": "<hostname>",
  "aud": "<audience-url>",
  "type": "exchange",
  "<hostname>/claims/project_key": "<project-key>",
  "iat": 1600092341
}
```

These fields are according to specification **Register Claim Names** and consist of the following:

- `exp`: This claim identifies the **expiration time**. The claims requires to be before the current time in order to accepted for processing.

> - `sub`: This claim identifies the **subject**. The value of `sub` issued by the API Gateway for Custom Applications is the user-ID for Merchant Center.

Reviewer: Please use the term `Merchant Center API Gateway` instead of `API Gateway`.

Maybe we can just say it's the "ID of the commercetools platform user".

> - `sub`: This claim identifies the **subject**. The value of `sub` issued by the API Gateway for Custom Applications is the user-ID for Merchant Center.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `sub`: This claim identifies the **subject**. The value of `sub` issued by the API Gateway for Custom Applications is the ID of the respective commercetools Platform user using the Merchant Center.
```

> - `iss`: This claim identifies the **issuer**. The value of `iss` is the hostname to the API Gateway itself. This value differs depending on the region the JWT was issued. These are listed under API Gateway under **Hostnames**.

Author: I couldn't link to the **API Gateway page -> Hostnames**

Author: never mind. we already outlined **cloud regions** and **MC API url** above, so I point to that.

- `aud`: This claim identifies the **audience**. The value of **audience** is the exact URL to the External API.

> - `type`: This is public claim identified by the API Gateway. The decoded JWT in the example above is a result of authorization exchange between API Gateway and the External API, hence the name.

Reviewer: This is a private claim.

Public claims should always be namespaced.

Author: could not find it under the spec, so I assumed it was public. will address

- `iat`: This claim identifies **issued at**. The value of **issued at** is the time that JWT was issued.

> - `<hostname>/claims/project_key`: This is a public claim identified by the API Gateway. This identifies the project key that the JWT was issued.

Reviewer: `...issued for.`

> - `<hostname>/claims/project_key`: This is a public claim identified by the API Gateway. This identifies the project key that the JWT was issued.

Reviewer 2: Maybe we can split this as Private Claims and the above as Public Claims?
